README.md, before:

# capstone-project
There are two Java projects in this repository: QvxReader and QvxWriter.
Both of these project folders are within the folder "capstone-project/eclipse-workspace".

QvxReader: KNIME node that allows the user to select a qvx input file. On execution, this file is read by the node, and a BufferedDataTable
is created on the output port.

QvxWriter: KNIME node that allows the user to select a qvx output file. The input port accepts a BufferedDataTable, and on execution,
a qvx file is generated from this BufferedDataTable.

Running the projects:
Before running the projects, you must set up the KNIME Analytics SDK. Instructions are found here:
https://github.com/knime/knime-sdk-setup

In Eclipse, click on "Open Projects from File System". Select either the folder "capstone-project/eclipse-workspace/QvxReader" or
"capstone-project/eclipse-worksapce/QvxWriter". It is recommended that you have both of these projects open at once, so that
both the QvxReader node and the QvxWriter node are available in KNIME when it is launched.

Commit message:

JAXB Generation Project added
This project demonstrates how we generated the JAXB classes that we used in our QvxReader and QvxWriter projects.

README.md, after:

# capstone-project
There are two main Java projects in this repository: QvxReader and QvxWriter.
Both of these project folders are within the folder "capstone-project/eclipse-workspace".

QvxReader: KNIME node that allows the user to select a qvx input file. On execution, this file is read by the node, and a BufferedDataTable
is created on the output port.

QvxWriter: KNIME node that allows the user to select a qvx output file. The input port accepts a BufferedDataTable, and on execution,
a qvx file is generated from this BufferedDataTable.

Running the projects:
Before running the projects, you must set up the KNIME Analytics SDK. Instructions are found here:
https://github.com/knime/knime-sdk-setup

In Eclipse, click on "Open Projects from File System". Select either the folder "capstone-project/eclipse-workspace/QvxReader" or
"capstone-project/eclipse-worksapce/QvxWriter". It is recommended that you have both of these projects open at once, so that
both the QvxReader node and the QvxWriter node are available in KNIME when it is launched.

There is another project in the "capstone-project/eclipse-workspace" folder, called "JAXB Generation". We used JAXB to generate Java classes to help
us deal with the XML-formatted QVX Table Header. We have already copied these generated classes into both the QvxReader and the QvxWriter projects. Thus,
it is not necessary to run "JAXB Generation" in order to test our QvxReader and QvxWriter.
